

## How to generate good chemical data?

In most cases supplementary data are combined into .zip files.

Requirement|type of data
----|-----
Must do|Save data as generated by the instruments or the software used to process them.
optional|Add a .pdf files generated by software.
To be avoided|Scans (pdf or images) of the hard copies of the data.

Scans of hard paper should be provided only when no other data are available. In some favorable cases, data could be extracted from .pdf generated by software, but it is difficult to generalize and imporant metadata and parameters will certainly be lost. 

If a compounds/samples was characterized using diverse methods (IR, NMR, *etc.*), have all these data in the same compound/sample folder so that the link between structure and spectra is obvious. 

Schematically:

Don't group spectra by method (IR, NMR, *etc.*).
```
┬method1┬compound1
│       ├compound2
│       └compound3
└method1┬compound1
        ├compound2
        └compound4
```
Prefer to group them by compounds/sample ...

... and include a structure file (the .cdx, .mol, .dsf, etc.):
```
┬compound1┬method1
│         ├method2 
│         └structure.mol (provide the structure file!)
├compound2┬method1
│         ├method2 
│         └structure.mol (provide the structure file!)
└compound3┬method1
          ├method2 
          └structure.mol (provide the structure file!)
```
The number following "compound" should correspond to the compound number in the publication/thesis. This is bettern than name folders by compound names. 
#### Demo of inline molecules... 
 <script type="text/javascript" src="https://chemapps.stolaf.edu/jmol/jmol.php?model=acetone&inline&width=150"></script>

 <script type="text/javascript" src="https://chemapps.stolaf.edu/jmol/jmol.php?model=acetone&image2d&inline&width=150"></script>
[more info](https://chemapps.stolaf.edu/jmol/jmol.php)


<script 
src="https://chemapps.stolaf.edu/jmol/jmol.php?model=caffeine&amp;i
nline;width=360;height=360 " type="text/javascript"></script>

<script>
jmolCheckbox('display add (not _H)', 'hide add (not _H)', 'heavy atoms', true, 
'heavy','titel');
jmolCheckbox('display add _H', 'hide add _H', 'hydrogen', true , 'light','titel');
jmolCheckbox('display add _C', 'hide add _C', 'carbon', true, 'carb','titel');
jmolCheckbox('display add _O', 'hide add _O', 'oxygen', true, 'oxy','titel');
jmolCheckbox('display add _N', 'hide add _N', 'nitrogen', true, 'nitro','titel');

jmolSetCheckboxGroup('heavy', ['carb', 'oxy', 'nitro']);
</script>
