# CHEMeDATA.github.io
Main website of the CHEMeDATA organization

<h2 style="background-color:DodgerBlue;">This website is under construction</h2>

The core of the CHEMeDATA activity shall be to provide a format for to report the information extracted from crude data (for example the assignment of NMR spectra, the assignment of IR spectra, the relevant information for output of chemistry software, etc.

Running initiative: [NMReDATA.org](NMReDATA.org)



## What do we mean by chemistry data?

- Spectra (IR, NMR, UV-Vis, etc.)
- Chemical structure files
- the output of software (geometry optimization, simulation of chemical properties, etc.)
- etc.

we don't mean:
- the supplementary material of reaserach articles (usally pdf) associated with the main article on Journal publisher's web sites)

## How to make chemistry data [FAIR](https://www.go-fair.org/fair-principles/)?

- Recommendations for the [chemists](#chemists)
- Recommendations for the manufacturers of scientific instruments
- Recommendations for the providers of chemistry information
- Recommendations for the curator of chemistry information
- Recommendations for the developpers of standards in chemistry



## How to generate good chemical data?

In most cases, you will be generating .zip files

Requirement|type of data
----|-----
Must do|Save data as generated by the instruments or the software used to maniupulate them.
optional|add a pdf files generated by software.
to be avoided|scans /(pdf or images) of the hard copies of the data.

Scans should be provided only when no other data are available. In some favorable cases, data could be extracted from them, but it is difficult to generalize and incomplete. 

If you caracterize compounds/samples using diverse methods, move all these data in the same folder.
Don't forget to provide the chemical structures of the compounds you provide data for (the .cdx, .mol, .dsf, etc.)


